Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Don't you bring me any flowers
Flowers wither by the day
No more promise of tomorrows
No todays or yesterdays
Mucho money.
Ain't no need for explanation
of a hundred throw away
Come on. What you got?
That ain't nothing. What? Come on.
And you send some cash my way
Mucho money.
With the cash there in your pocket
You're the king
You're where it's at
Enough! You get back to work,
and you get back to work.
Boss, I just need some hours of practice.
The Festival of San Juan is in three weeks,
and I got to rehearse.
I got to run a business.
Hey, Boss, you should see him dance.
He's great.
He's going to do it. He will clear the floor.
He's going to be sweeping floors
if he doesn't get back to work.
All of you are!
Boss, it's the event of the year,
and I'm going to be crowned.
You know, " King of Salsa "?
King of bullshit.
Get your mind on your work, Rico...
or you're going to dance your way
right out of here.
"Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
"For the first time in Puerto Rico,
one night only, live, on stage...
"Mr. Dynamite, Mr. Out-Of-Sight,
the hardest working man in showbiz.
"They call him the King of Salsa,
they call him many things.
"Put your hands together, people,
and give him a warm, San Juan welcome...
"Mr. Puerto Rico, Rico!"
Knock me down, step on my face
Slander my name all over the place
I'll do anything that you want me to
But, uh-uh, honey, lay off of my shoes
Now don't you step on my blue suede shoes
Do anything
but lay off of my blue suede shoes
One for the money, two for the show
three to get ready, now go, cat, go
Now don't you step on my blue suede shoes
You can do anything
but lay off of my blue suede shoes
Said, one for the money, two for the show
three to get ready, now go, cat, go
Now don't you step on my blue suede shoes
Well you can do anything
but lay off of my blue suede shoes
Now, one for the money, two for the show
three to get ready, now go, cat, go
Now, blue, blue, blue suede shoes, baby
Blue, blue, blue suede shoes gotta
Blue, blue, blue suede shoes, baby
Blue, blue, blue suede shoes are
Blue, blue, blue suede shoes
My people, I love you, I'll be back.
My band.
Hi, Ken, chulo lindo.
- Have you seen Rico?
- Sure, I seen Rico. And he's here with Vicki.
That's great!
How you doing?
- I'm happy to see you guys together.
- Yeah? Good.
- Let's celebrate.
- Okay. I'll get the drinks.
- Money, you know.
- So you guys are on again?
- Yeah, we're on, we're off. We're on again.
- You guys are crazy, man.
Guys, what are you guys
doing over here, man?
All the hot stuff is over there.
- Come on, girl.
- I don't know if we should be here.
- Besides, don't you have to be 18 to get in?
- Leave that to me. You look 18.
I don't know...
Grow up! I don't believe you.
Don't you know how to have fun?
Okay, but just for a while. My mom
thinks we're at your house doing homework.
Please!
What is this? A family convention?
You brought your little sister?
Rita, what are you doing here?
Come on! I just came to look.
You know, I've told you a million times,
I don't want you here.
You know it's not right!
You listening to me?
Rita, what do you want to drink?
This is my brother Rico.
Rico, this is Lola,
my new friend from school. She drives.
It's a pleasure.
- You drive?
- Yeah.
Will you drive my sister home then?
You guys have school tomorrow.
I always wanted a big brother.
- Hi.
Margarita, I hardly recognized you,
all dressed up.
Thanks, now try to convince my brother
to let me stay for one dance.
Nobody's going to convince me
to do anything. Just go home.
- Bye, Ken.
- Good night, Margarita.
Good night.
Senoras y senores,
presenting the Queen of Salsa...
La Luna!
And now, ladies and gentlemen...
a very special guest, and my friend...
the First Lady of Song...
La Reina De La Salsa , Celia Cruz...
and the great Willie Colón!
There's that boy Rico
I was telling you about.
- Talk about charisma.
- Yeah, Celia likes him.
Who doesn't?
- Leave him.
- I don't want anyone jumping on stage.
He's not just anyone. Sit down!
Yeah, Rico, go!
Hey, Mom. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to wake you.
It's okay.
You want something to eat?
No, thanks. Is Rita home?
Yes.
Try not to be so hard on her.
She needs your love.
Since your father died, it's been...
Mom, I love her. I just worry.
I don't want her hanging out at the club.
So, did you and Vicki clear the floor?
We danced.
I'm tired. Good night.
Good night, mi hijo.
Man, I'm drenched.
Yeah, my dad always said, " Don ' t sweat,
unless you ' re getting paid for it."
Are you thinking about him?
- Who?
- Ken.
What do you mean?
I saw how you were looking at him.
No, Ken is just like a brother to me.
Well, he ' s not your brother...
and he doesn ' t look at you like a brother,
that ' s for sure.
He doesn ' t?
Does Rico have a girlfriend?
Yeah, sort of. Vicki.
Wait a minute. I hope you don ' t
have any plans. Rico ' s too old for you.
Are you kidding?
I ' ve had older than him before.
You ' re so crazy.
I thought you knew me better than that.
Well, yeah, I know my brother.
Rico only likes two things, Rico and salsa.
We ' ll see.
- Kenneth. Just on time.
- Why, what ' s up?
I need a little favor.
- Another favor, man?
- Yeah.
I want you to keep Rita busy
while I make a move on her friend.
- Who?
- Lola.
- She ' s just a baby, man.
- And I ' m a baby sitter.
- I don ' t like it.
- Come on. Poquito, man, it ' s easy.
You know that rock singer I told you about?
He ' s going to be really famous someday.
Hi, you remember Lola?
Rita, I thought I told you
not to mess with my stereo?
- This is Ken.
- Hi.
So, getting some color?
- Trying to.
- Yeah?
Rita, why don ' t you make us some drinks?
- All of us.
- I ' ll get some iced tea.
Ken, why don ' t you give Rita a hand?
Yeah, sure.
Hi, Lola.
Hi.
So, I bought something for Rico.
- What is it?
- It ' s a belt.
I got it for his birthday.
It ' s great.
- It ' s real leather. You think he ' ll like it?
- Yeah, he ' ll love it.
Maybe I should get him
a record or something.
This belt ' s great. I ' d even borrow it.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
I don ' t know. Should I give it to him now,
or wait until the party?
You should wait till the party.
Don ' t tell him there ' ll be more friends there.
- Really?
- What ' s wrong with this buckle?
There ' s nothing wrong with it.
See?
Do you want me to wrap it for you?
Yeah, nothing too fancy.
Do you want it in a box?
A ribbon?
What?
The belt.
Oh, yeah.
Great apartment.
Where ' s your bed?
Cool system!
Hot with desire
Possessed by your love
is where I belong
Great view.
I can feel it, girl, from across the room
Giving in to love
All right!
Down on my knees
I got you under my skin
I want you closer than sin
You got my body and soul
You have me out of control
I got you under my skin
Deep in my heart's where you live
You have me flesh to the bone
There's nothing you do not own
I need to spend every hour
with a tropical flower
Without you, girl, I just cannot survive
And while the city is sleeping
The jungle is beating with sounds of love
From inside my heart
I'm giving in to love
I'm turning in the keys
Got it so bad
Down on my knees
I got you under my skin
I want you closer than sin
You got my body and soul
You have me out of control
I got you under my skin
Deep in my heart's where you live
You have me flesh to the bone
There's nothing you do not own
Salsa
I got you under my skin
I want you closer than sin
You got my body and soul
You have me out of control
I got you under my skin
Deep in my heart's where you live
You have me flesh to the bone
There's nothing you do not own
I got you under my skin
I want you closer than sin
You got my body and soul
You have me out of control
The iced tea is ready. Rico.
Yeah, I ' ll be right out. One second.
I ' ll see you at dinner, okay?
I want to go to the club tonight and watch.
I don ' t want you there. You ' re just a kid.
Come on, tonight ' s special.
I want to go. Please?
No, just go home.
You do your homework. Study.
That ' s too bad. I ' m going to be there.
Please?
- Okay.
- All right.
So
I was feeling
so bad
I asked my family doctor just what I had
- I said, "Doctor"
- "Doctor"
- "Mr. M.D."
- "Please tell me"
- "Doctor"
- "What's ailing me"
Oh, please
All I really need
Good loving
Good, good, good loving
I want you to give me good loving
Good loving, good loving, good loving
Good loving
- All I need from you
- Good loving
- All I want from you
- Is your loving, baby
- Good loving
Good loving, mama
- Hi.
- I have something for you.
- What?
- A birthday present.
My birthday ' s not till tomorrow.
I know. But I want you
to have it for tomorrow.
Vicki, wow.
You don ' t like it?
I love it.
It ' s just... It looks expensive.
Put it on.
Wait, I have something for you, too.
You ' re crazy!
Why?
Because I love you.
Come on, put it on.
- It doesn ' t fit.
- It fits. Look, right here.
Right there. Try it.
- There.
- There you go.
- Cool!
- There it is.
Come on, let ' s go and dance.
Good loving
I want to give you good loving
Give it to me
Oh, please, give it to me
Please
Good, good, good, good loving
I want you to give me good loving
Won't you give me good loving?
Good, good, good loving
Ladies and gentlemen,
Club Luna is proud to present...
from Puerto Rico, the great Tito Puente!
Just a reminder that next week, right here...
we salute El Festival de San Juan.
And just to make the evening more exciting,
Club La Luna will send anyone...
who can clear the floor
to the Grand Salsa Competition...
in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
That kid ' s fantastic.
I love the way he handles her on the floor.
He makes her look good.
She doesn ' t have any talent,
reminds me of a horse.
What are you saying?
That he would make a great partner
for a woman who knows what she ' s doing.
Meaning you?
I have been known
to clear a dance floor in my day.
That ' s right. You cleared the dance floor.
No one even looked at your partner.
You still need one, darling.
What are you telling me?
Are you saying you want to dance again?
Or that you want to go to Puerto Rico?
Or that you want to sleep with this kid?
That ' s what I love about you, darling.
You fill my head
with so many wonderful ideas.
Bring him to my table.
Anything for you.
You bring wonderful energy to my club.
Thanks. Coming from you,
it ' s a compliment.
You ' re terrific.
But your partner, she ' s not a dancer,
she ' s going to need some work.
We ' re going to work hard.
You ' re welcome to use my club
during the day to rehearse, if you like.
Thanks, we ' re gonna need it.
We ' re going to Puerto Rico.
The flight doesn ' t leave for a few days.
Stay and have some champagne with us.
I think I might have to take a rain check.
Thanks.
Champagne?
- Hi, Rico.
- Hey, Lola.
I ' m alone, and you ' re alone.
So what do you say we get together
and finish where we left off?
What we started was a mistake.
It was my mistake.
Besides, I ' m not alone.
You ' re not serious about that girl
you were dancing with, are you?
Yeah, I ' m very serious, and I don ' t want
any problems. Comprende ?
Are we going?
Yeah. Vicki, this is Lola.
This is Rita ' s new friend.
She ' s just about to take Rita home.
- Hi.
Listen, tell Rita to tell Mom
I ' m over at Vicki ' s tonight, okay?
Bye.
- Hi.
Do you have a ride home?
I don ' t think so.
I ' ll take you home.
- Yeah, okay.
- Okay.
- How ' re you doing back there?
- What?
- How ' re you doing?
- I ' m fine.
Do you need anything?
- How about ice cream?
- What?
- Ice cream!
- Okay.
- Anything on it?
- No.
- Sure?
- Yeah, I ' m sure.
Can I have a vanilla and a chocolate?
- Thanks for the ride.
- I had a great time.
- Really.
- Yeah, I liked it mucho.
What?
- I liked it mucho.
- It ' s "mucho gusto."
Well...
- Good night, Margarita.
- Good night.
Come on.
I ' ll make you something to eat.
You ' re so beautiful.
I ' m really happy we ' re back together.
I missed you so much.
I ' ve missed this place...
and the mutt.
What ' s wrong? You ' re shivering.
After tonight...
I ' m afraid.
The stakes are too high, and...
You could go to Puerto Rico.
I don ' t want
to get in the way of your dreams.
Vicki, you are my dream.
Can ' t you...
Haven ' t you noticed how
people look at us when we dance together?
They ' re looking at you.
No, Vicki, they ' re looking at you.
I mean...
relax, we ' ll go to Puerto Rico.
Positive.
How could you be so sure?
Well, if I told you,
you would probably laugh.
No, I won ' t.
Yes, you would.
It ' s important.
Well, when I was a little kid,
my Dad would always say:
" Rico, I ' m going to take you to Puerto Rico."
You know, he ' d show me pictures...
he ' d talk about it...
and then he died.
But right now, I feel like he ' s so close,
he ' s with us.
He ' s hugging us.
He ' s happy we ' re together again,
he ' s happy for the family.
He says we ' re going to clear that floor...
and we ' re going to Puerto Rico.
What else does he say?
What?
About us.
The future, kids.
Gee, let me give him a call. I don ' t know.
He says, we ' ll have two...
No, maybe we ' ll have five.
Five kids. They ' re all going to dance.
They ' re all going to dance.
They ' ll go on tour, make lots of money,
make a lot of people happy.
And then we ' ll retire in Puerto Rico.
- You have a one-track mind.
- No.
It ' s almost time.
I ' ll go inside,
and I ' ll get something to celebrate with.
- Okay.
Each night, I pray
there would soon come a day
That I'd find my way back to your shore
Somehow I knew, if I reach you
It's there that my heart will stay
Forever more
High on the dream
I'm still believing
Say you'll be mine
My Puerto Rico
How can it be
that your heart beats in me?
I keep hearing your song in my mind
How did I know
It was Puerto Rico that's been calling me
All of the time?
I close my eyes, I am in paradise
Say you'll be there
My Puerto Rico
Hold me tonight, under the stars
Puerto Rico
Where I belong, there in your arms
Every beat, I feel the heat
Puerto Rico
Every step, closer I get
I'm coming home to you
Rico?
Vicki! Welcome to Puerto Rico!
Silencio everybody! Rico ' s here!
Please, everybody.
- Go on, girls.
- Told you.
- Well, let ' s go back to your place.
- No.
Come on, then tell me what we ' re doing.
Chuey ' s around here.
- No, he ' s not.
- Yes, he is.
- Aunt Rosie ' s here, she ' s cooking.
- No.
Where are we? At home?
Tell me where we ' re at.
Come on. Please?
- Come on.
- Happy birthday, mi hijo.
Surprise!
Yo, Rico!
Happy birthday, man.
Can you move in a little bit? Here we go.
Puerto Rico.
I love you, Ma.
- Listen to me! I told you no. You ' re drunk!
- I ' m not drunk. I ' m happy.
Vicki, I didn ' t do anything.
Wherever Rico is, you are never far off...
like a faithful dog.
Lay off, Lola. You ' re drunk.
But everybody knows
he doesn ' t care about you anymore.
Lola, don ' t cause a scene.
This is Rico ' s party.
He deserves a good time.
I already showed him the good time.
Didn ' t he tell you?
This is better than Miami Vice!
- Vicki, what ' s wrong?
- Time you opened your birthday presents.
- Lola. Come on, honey. Come on.
- Is she okay?
- Yeah, Mom, she ' ll be okay.
- She just had a bit too much to drink.
- Take her to the house, Rico.
- Give her some air!
There ' s nothing wrong!
There ' s plenty of food! Let ' s go!
- Who turned off the music?
- Bang those drums!
- Where are we going?
- Just calm down. You ' ll be okay.
- Come on.
- Oh, yeah.
Come on, stop it, okay?
There ' s a house full of people.
I can ' t help it. You excite me.
Come on, Lola!
I just came in here to help you.
Here, I ' ll show you how you can help me.
Get off me, Lola.
I said stop, Lola.
Come on, Rico, let ' s do it.
Is she in there?
- Who?
- Lola.
- No.
- No?
No. Guess what?
Your mom asked me to go get some beer.
- Want to come with me?
- Now?
- Yeah, now.
- Okay.
Come on.
Please?
Come on, Ken, let ' s just give them one beer.
Happy New Year! Happy birthday.
Hey, fellas,
take your hands off the girl right now.
All right, take it easy, fellas.
- Margarita.
- Margarita!
Margarita
Come on, please?
- Come on.
Hey, where are you going?
And our love goes on forever
When I'm with you, I'm not well
Margarita
I will search until I find you
And the roses will remind me
And I will wake inside the dream
The sun in her hair
The tropical air
The smell of the sea
The girl next to me
She's got the touch
That I need oh so much
My muchachita
It's more than her eyes
More than her voice
More than her smile
That leaves you no choice
Straight from the pages of love
she was born
Margarita
And if I could get back to that dream
I know she'll be there
Waiting for me
Margarita
I will search until I find you
And the roses will remind you
I will wake inside the dream
What?
Come on, fellas, we have to go.
I gave you all my beer.
This is how you ' re going to treat me?
She ' s a young girl. We have...
Margarita
Beautiful!
Mind if I interrupt
with some constructive criticism?
- Of course not.
- It ' s the crossover step.
I ' ve seen that danced
a thousand times like that.
- I can show you a much better way.
- Sure.
Cross over.
And again.
Second position.
- I don ' t understand.
- Open your legs.
Deeper.
Now hold me strong. And stand tall.
- All right.
- Open break!
Now that ' s the way
that step should be danced!
- Want to see some more?
- Sure.
I understand you like to travel.
- I sure do.
- Then let ' s go.
Imagine how he feels.
He ' s dancing with the best.
- You care a lot about him, don ' t you?
- Yeah.
Well, I love her.
I would do anything for her.
So, what are you trying to say?
Why don ' t you get to the point?
What I ' m trying to say...
is that if you love someone,
you don ' t stand in their way.
Luna wants to dance again.
And Rico ' s her perfect partner.
Let him go.
Whatever it takes, just let him go.
- Where are you going?
- I ' m going home.
What do you mean? We have to rehearse.
No, you have to rehearse, not me.
Vicki, what ' s wrong?
Dancing with you is wrong.
Being with you is wrong.
Now you have a new partner,
the Queen of Salsa.
She was just showing us a few steps.
A few steps? You were swept away.
I saw you.
I was left there, standing like a jerk.
Come on, Vicki.
No, but it ' s okay. She ' s a fucking
better dancer than me anyway.
Yeah, but I love you.
No, you don ' t. You love your dreams.
And she is your ticket
to Puerto Rico, not me.
- You know, you ' re never home anymore.
- Jealous?
Listen, I want you home,
in bed, by 10:00 on school nights.
- Who died and made you king?
- What?
- Don ' t tell me what to do.
- Don ' t talk back, and don ' t test me.
Just do what I said.
Yes, Your Majesty.
- What ' s going on here?
- Nothing.
- Is this going to become a regular routine?
- Yes.
I ' m buying it.
- I want a popcorn.
- Don ' t put any butter, unless it ' s free.
- Hey, Rita.
- God, you scared me.
Know what time it is?
- I was with a friend, her car broke down.
- I don ' t believe that.
Rico, why don ' t you get off my back?
Did your slut friend
introduce you to someone?
You should know about my slut friend.
Since you been hanging around Lola,
you been turning into some kind of puta!
Don ' t call me puta, cabrón.
Hey, stop it! Both of you.
- God, I hate you.
- Yeah? You ' re grounded.
I don ' t know you anymore.
My son would never hit his sister.
My boy would never strike a woman.
If you sneer,
you ' re not acting like my son anymore.
You ' re acting
like some big, punk, macho shit.
I won ' t ask you where you ' ve been,
because I trust you.
But you should have called.
Yeah, Mom.
Baby, remember...
with my job, we eat and pay the rent.
It was your brother who, on his own,
took that job at the garage, fixing cars...
so that we could all live better.
So, when he gets upset with you,
you must be more patient.
He loves you.
He ' s growing up so fast...
but, in so many ways, he ' s just a little boy.
Try to understand, Margarita...
the way I understand about you and Ken.
It ' s okay.
I want to talk to you about something.
I want to talk to you, too.
You first.
It ' s Rita, man.
What about her?
I ' m worried, you know?
Is she okay?
She ' s been coming home late,
she ' s not doing well in school.
She doesn ' t eat right.
It ' s just a lot of shit, you know?
Maybe she ' s just growing up.
No, I think it ' s Lola.
I ' ll bet you anything
she set her up with someone.
Maybe he ' s a nice guy.
Well, maybe we should go
and find out who this nice guy is.
- Why?
- So we can kick his ass.
We ' ve got to take care of our kid sister.
You ' re going to help out, right?
I mean, we are familia, bro.
- So, what were you going to say?
- Nothing.
What are you doing?
- I ' m doing my best...
- I don ' t like it when you do that.
- My best?
- No, the knee drop. It ' s amateurish.
I figured, if you were spinning,
I ' d, you know, solo.
Solo? To me, that ' s not the salsa.
To me, what you do isn ' t salsa, either.
I don ' t have time for this.
Just follow my skirt, little boy.
We need a little reality check here.
This is not The Rico Show.
You are the frame,
and I am the picture, got it?
Now, let ' s dance.
You ' re taking things too personally, Rico.
Sorry.
You think you ' re going to get
to Puerto Rico dancing like that?
If I do this once, on my own, it ' ll be okay.
You make me feel insecure.
I just have to work on it.
San Juan is 4,000 miles away.
You ' ve got 3,800 more to go.
Orlando.
Don ' t worry about it. She likes you.
Rita.
Hi.
I don ' t want to keep this a secret anymore.
I tried to tell Rico...
but it ' ll kill him.
I love the both of you.
I love my brother,
but he can ' t come between us.
It ' ll be fine, Margarita. Don ' t worry.
- We weren ' t doing anything.
- Just shut up, and get in the house.
It ' s not her fault.
Go ahead, go in.
- Don ' t touch my sister.
- I love her.
You love her ass!
That ' s not it, bro.
Don ' t call me " bro," man.
It ' s been you all this time.
You dumb Puerto Rican.
You just don ' t get it.
Don ' t! You ' re going to kill him! Stop!
Please, stop, don ' t.
He didn ' t do anything! Please! Stop!
Don ' t, please.
Don ' t, you ' re going to kill him!
We didn ' t do anything.
Stop, please! Why don ' t you let him go?
I worked my ass off
to make a better future for Rita...
and she ' s throwing it away
because of you, you piece of shit!
What is she throwing away, man?
Man, you betrayed us. La familia.
We took you in when you had no one.
What are you saying?
You know what I ' m saying?
If I ever catch you here around my sister,
I ' m going to kill you, man.
- Come on.
- No, let me go!
Come on.
See you tomorrow.
Bye.
Hi. God, you look so awful.
We have to talk.
About what?
It ' s got to end.
What do you mean?
I mean, the both of us.
It ' s not right between us.
Look, Rita, you have to go to school
and be someone.
I am someone,
someone I thought you cared about.
If I didn ' t care,
I wouldn ' t be here saying this.
I wish things could be the way they were.
I love you.
What the hell ' s going on with you?
- I ' d never drop you.
- I wish you would drop me...
if it meant that you ' d get
your move right for once.
Maybe we ' d get something
more exciting going on here...
something more dynamic.
Damn it. Listen, I ' m sorry.
I can ' t concentrate.
- I ' ve got a lot of things on my mind.
- I don ' t care about your personal problems.
Your problems don ' t belong
on my dance floor.
This is my last night to rehearse.
The festival is tomorrow,
and it ' s your ass on the line, baby.
No, it ' s your ass on the line, okay?
Because this is your last chance
to be the Queen of Salsa.
Just who the hell
do you think you ' re talking to?
I earned every bit of that title,
and I earned every square inch of this club...
and nobody gave it to me,
I had to work for it.
I don ' t understand you.
I ' m giving you the world on a platter,
you little shit.
I thought your girlfriend
didn ' t know how to dance, but I was wrong.
It ' s you.
No timing, no concentration.
What is it with you? You just don ' t care?
If I have to back-lead you
all over this dance floor...
I promise you,
I am going to make an impression.
I am going to clear that dance floor,
even if it ' s with your ass.
Now, you got that?
Yeah?
- It ' s nothing, Ma.
- Something ' s wrong. I want to know.
Ma, there ' s nothing wrong.
I just want to be alone. Please.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah, Mom, I ' m sure.
Are you nervous
about the dance tomorrow night?
Good night.
You better be careful.
Your brother is already here.
- What brother?
- Very funny. I ' m serious.
He sees you dressed like that, he ' ll go crazy.
Crazy? Good.
This is a night he ' s never going to forget.
- Come on. Let ' s dance.
- I am scared of you.
Girls
Say what they wanna say
Boys
Look at them anyway
Girls
They're always acting shy
Boys
You know the reason why
Girls
They like to play with you
Boys
They like to party, too
Some girls do, some girls don't
Some girls will
Go all the way
Some girls will, some girls won't
Some girls don't
Dance the night away
Party every day
Why is he dancing like that?
He ' ll wear himself out.
Relax.
I can ' t. He ' s supposed to be
saving that stuff for me.
Don ' t worry about it.
He ' s warming himself up for you.
Boys
They think they are macho men
Girls
Well, they don't give a damn for
Boys
They seem to care
But girls
In sexy underwear
Boys
Are always in demand
Girls
Will never understand why
Boys
Don't want to take a chance with
Girls
Who only wanna dance
Some girls do, some girls don't
Some girls will
Go all the way
Some girls will and some girls won't
Some girls don't
Dance the night away
Party every day
Some girls do, some girls don't
Some girls will
Go all the way
Some girls will and some girls won't
Some girls don't
What are you doing here?
Are you jealous
they ' ll be looking at me instead of you?
Besides, I came to watch you lose.
Quit acting like a cheap whore, okay?
Is that what you want? I ' ll act like a whore.
You ' re embarrassing me
in front of my friends.
Friends? Where ' s Vicki? Where ' s Kenny?
It ' s always Rico.
This is the last time I ' ll tell you.
Are you going to hit me, like you hit Ken?
He never loved you.
I told him to baby-sit you.
- Where the hell is he going? Stop him.
- Let him cool off. He ' ll be back.
How is she, Rico?
Just get out of here.
- I said, how is she, man?
- Mind your own business.
You know this is all your fault, right?
You know, just get out of here.
Leave my family alone!
She ' s going to be all right.
She ' s a little shaken, some light contusions,
but she ' s one lucky girl.
- Are you Ken? She keeps asking for Ken.
- That ' s me.
- Rico, wait a second.
- Just go to hell, okay?
Hi.
How do you feel?
Okay. I ' m so happy to see you.
I missed you so much.
I missed you, too.
- Where ' s Rico?
- Rico? He ' s gone.
Gone where?
I don ' t know. He took off. I tried to stop him.
This is all my fault. This is because of me.
No, it ' s not. Rico has a lot of problems.
I hope he went to the club.
I don ' t think so.
He was pretty crazy.
Rico has to go to the club.
He has to dance tonight.
I know my brother.
He ' s going to do something crazy.
You have to find him.
Please?
I think I might know where he is.
Let ' s get out of here.
Remember when we got these?
We were just kids.
Summer vacation.
You wanted to be blood brothers,
but I was afraid of blood.
So I bought us
these St. Christopher medals instead.
Who ' d ever think, after all these years,
we ' d still be wearing them?
You know, even when you
ripped this off my neck...
you didn ' t rip it out of me, bro.
I know you don ' t think of me
like that anymore.
But you ' re my bro.
You ' re the only family I ever had.
I know I hurt you, man...
and I ' m sorry.
Just know, I ' d do anything for the familia.
Just know, I love you, man.
I ' ll get you another one.
What?
I ' ll get you another chain, man.
A strong one.
I ' ll be over there.
Great timing, you asshole.
Time this.
Shall we salsa?
Each night I pray
There would soon come a day
That I'd find my way
back to your shore
Somehow I knew if I reached you
it's there that my heart will stay
Forever more
High on the dream
I'm still believing
Say you'll be mine
My Puerto Rico
Hold me tonight under the stars
Puerto Rico
Where I belong, there in your arms
I missed you.
Now I know Puerto Rico has been calling me
I close my eyes, I am in paradise
Say you'll be there
My Puerto Rico
Hold me tonight under the stars
Puerto Rico
Where I belong, there in your arms
Every step, closer I get
Puerto Rico
I'm coming home to you
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org